# StudentDatabase
Education-under-one-roof
Quality education is evidently the most important pillar of a nation. With a remarkable population, India needs to lay its foundations strong. The difference between haves and have nots is getting wider day by day. Therefore, it is important to bridge this gap by providing QUALITY education for all. This could be judged in many ways. One such factor is the number of dropouts and the reasons. The prevention mechanisms and the remedies all show their way to a significant future. There are more chances of Dropouts being unemployed when compared to graduates. Thus, a sound system needs to be established to calculate and visualize the number of dropouts. Additionally, an efficient management-teacher-parent communication system should be laid down to channel the strengths of the students in a correct direction.

We intend to build a website or a mobile app that could reach masses. Every school should be able to adopt and foresee the changes in a student. The application provides data analytics regarding the number of dropouts which can bring in small but serious changes. The parent-teacher communication through homework/activity feed leads to the overall development of the student. Small changes such as completion of education would create a larger impact. Once we ensure that there is 100% literacy , we could make provisions for employment. We plan to improvise it more and make sure every management, every parent, and every student has a record being maintained safely and that could be analysed anywhere and anytime.
